For any YouTube video you can download a
Written transcript or the subtitles of
The video. This is especially useful for
Example if you want to study what
Someone is saying or you want to edit
Your own video into a blog post. So let
Me show you an example using one of my
Own videos. And here it is — I just
Uploaded this video a few hours ago and
The transcript is already available.
It only takes YouTube a few hours to
Have their artificial intelligence sense
Into what the person is saying and
Create a transcript. So when you go to
Any YouTube video, scroll down and
Underneath the video — by the way, I'm
Assuming you are using a laptop or a
Desktop computer — do this: scroll down and
Then click the three dots underneath the
Video — three dots there — and then click on
Open transcript. Alright, so here's what
You do — you're gonna have to, if you
Want to, for example, edit this into a
Blog post, you want to toggle so that the
Timestamps are no longer there and you
Do this by clicking the three dots here
Once you've opened the transcript — click
On the three dots here inside the
Transcript and click on toggle
Timestamps. Alright, now that the
Timestamps are gone, what I'd like to do
Is I'd like to scroll down to the very
Bottom — so quickly scroll down to the
Very bottom, and then once I'm at the
Very bottom — whoops!
The very bottom — here I click and select
Going upwards. I find that this is easier
And has fewer sort of mouse errors if I
Do it from the bottom up instead of from
The top down. You can experiment yourself
But anyway, try that and once you have
Selected it, what you need to do then is
To do Command + C on your keyboard — if
You're on a Mac — or on Windows it's Ctrl + C
To copy it to your invisible clipboard.
And then open up a new tab — and what I
Like to do is use Google Docs — so I'm
Gonna type in doc.new. And in case
You don't know, that automatically opens
Up a new Google document
In your private Google Drive. So now that I
Have copied the transcript, I'm
Going to click on Edit → Paste without
Formatting, so that it's just plain text.
And there it is — there's the entire video
Transcript, based on YouTube's
Artificial intelligence. It's not going
To be perfect, but it's certainly a great
Start to editing this into a blog post.
Alright, I hope that's helpful and I'll
See you in the next video.